Refactor Helm templates to configure LDAP/RBAC as OSS, remove Enterprise (v3.4) (#182)
StackStorm/stackstorm-ha: CHANGELOG.md

* Improve resource allocation and scheduling by adding resources requests cpu/memory values for st2 Pods (#179)
* Avoid cluster restart loop situations by making st2 Pod initContainers to wait for DB/MQ connection (#178)
* Add option to define config.js for st2web (#165) (by @moonrail)

> * Removed enterprise flags to enable rbac (#182 by @hnanchahal)

Reviewer: Please also move the changelog under "In Development" section. Thanks!

> * Removed enterprise flags to enable rbac (#182 by @hnanchahal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled RBAC configuration for OSS version, removed enterprise flags (#182 by @hnanchahal)
```

Please also move the changelog under "In Development" section. Thanks!
